Add custom roles to organization management (#40)
elastic/docs-content: serverless/pages/manage-access-to-org-user-roles.mdx

## Instance access roles

Each serverless project type has a set of predefined roles that you can assign to your organization members.
You can assign the predefined roles:

- globally, for all projects of the same type (((es-serverless)), ((observability)), or ((security))). In this case, the role will also apply to new projects created later.
- individually, for specific projects only. To do that, you have to set the **Role for all** field of that specific project type to **None**.

For example, you can assign a user the developer role for a specific ((es-serverless)) project:

<DocImage size="l" url="../images/individual-role.png" alt="Individual role" />

{/* <DocIf condition={"((serverlessCustomRoles))" === "true"}> */}
You can also optionally <DocLink slug="/serverless/custom-roles">create custom roles in a project</DocLink>.

> To assign these roles to users, select them from the list of individual instance access roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assign a custom role to users, go to "Instance access roles" and select it from the list under the specific project it was created in.
```
